implemented the Go SDK MVP with support for customer cards related types (#1)
team-plain/go-sdk: README.md

# go-sdk
This is the Go SDK for Plain's Core GraphQL API.

> It is not complete yet with all the types we support in our API, but it provides all the types one needs in order to implement a customer cards API ([more info](https://www.plain.com/docs/customer-cards)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository will, in future, be the home for a Go SDK for Plain's GraphQL API. 

Currently this only provides all the types one needs in order to implement a customer cards API ([more info](https://www.plain.com/docs/customer-cards)).
```

Reviewer: I think this is slightly more 'honest' 😉
